Psalm 136 Oh give thanks to the Lord for
Psalm 136 Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever
he is good for his mercy endures forever
he is good for his mercy endures forever Oh give thanks to the God of gods for
Oh give thanks to the God of gods for
Oh give thanks to the God of gods for his mercy endures forever oh give thanks
his mercy endures forever oh give thanks
his mercy endures forever oh give thanks to the Lord of lords for His mercy
to the Lord of lords for His mercy
to the Lord of lords for His mercy endures forever to him who alone does
endures forever to him who alone does
endures forever to him who alone does great wonders for his mercy endures
great wonders for his mercy endures
great wonders for his mercy endures forever to him who by wisdom made the
forever to him who by wisdom made the
forever to him who by wisdom made the heavens for His mercy endures forever to
heavens for His mercy endures forever to
heavens for His mercy endures forever to him who laid out the earth above the
him who laid out the earth above the
him who laid out the earth above the waters for His mercy endures forever to
waters for His mercy endures forever to
waters for His mercy endures forever to him who made great lights for his mercy
him who made great lights for his mercy
him who made great lights for his mercy endures forever the Sun to rule by day
endures forever the Sun to rule by day
endures forever the Sun to rule by day for his mercy endures forever
for his mercy endures forever
for his mercy endures forever the moon and stars to rule by night for
the moon and stars to rule by night for
the moon and stars to rule by night for his mercy endures forever to him who
his mercy endures forever to him who
his mercy endures forever to him who struck Egypt in their firstborn for his
struck Egypt in their firstborn for his
struck Egypt in their firstborn for his mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever and brought out Isreal from among them
and brought out Isreal from among them
and brought out Isreal from among them for his mercy endures forever with a
for his mercy endures forever with a
for his mercy endures forever with a strong hand and with an outstretched arm
strong hand and with an outstretched arm
strong hand and with an outstretched arm for his mercy endures forever to him who
for his mercy endures forever to him who
for his mercy endures forever to him who divided the Red Sea into for his mercy
divided the Red Sea into for his mercy
divided the Red Sea into for his mercy endures forever and made Israel passed
endures forever and made Israel passed
endures forever and made Israel passed through the midst of it for his mercy
through the midst of it for his mercy
through the midst of it for his mercy endures forever but overthrew Pharaoh
endures forever but overthrew Pharaoh
endures forever but overthrew Pharaoh and his army in the red sea for his
and his army in the red sea for his
and his army in the red sea for his mercy endures forever to him who led his
mercy endures forever to him who led his
mercy endures forever to him who led his people through the wilderness for his
people through the wilderness for his
people through the wilderness for his mercy endures forever to him who struck
mercy endures forever to him who struck
mercy endures forever to him who struck down great quines
down great quines
down great quines for his mercy endures forever and slew
for his mercy endures forever and slew
for his mercy endures forever and slew famous kings for his mercy endures
famous kings for his mercy endures
famous kings for his mercy endures forever scion keen of the amorite s--
forever scion keen of the amorite s--
forever scion keen of the amorite s-- for his mercy endures forever and OGG he
for his mercy endures forever and OGG he
for his mercy endures forever and OGG he Novation
Novation
Novation for His mercy endures forever and gave
for His mercy endures forever and gave
for His mercy endures forever and gave their land as a heritage for His mercy
their land as a heritage for His mercy
their land as a heritage for His mercy endures forever a heritage to Israel his
endures forever a heritage to Israel his
endures forever a heritage to Israel his servant for His mercy endures forever
servant for His mercy endures forever
servant for His mercy endures forever who remembered us in our lowly State for
who remembered us in our lowly State for
who remembered us in our lowly State for his mercy endures forever and rescued us
his mercy endures forever and rescued us
his mercy endures forever and rescued us from our enemies for His mercy endures
from our enemies for His mercy endures
from our enemies for His mercy endures forever
forever
forever who gives food to all flesh for His
who gives food to all flesh for His
who gives food to all flesh for His mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever
mercy endures forever oh give thanks to the God of heaven for
oh give thanks to the God of heaven for
oh give thanks to the God of heaven for his mercy endures forever
his mercy endures forever
his mercy endures forever [Music]